I'm Aaron Baker from foam calm and it's
time for another 30 day challenge but
I'm doing a different one this time
around now if you follow the 30-day
challenges are just the Android release
schedule in general there have been a
ton of high-end Android devices and when
you look at that in comparison to
blackberry or Windows Phone or even iOS
there's like 10 android phones to
everyone blackberry phone or 15 Android
phones to everyone Windows Phone I mean
those aren't exact numbers but you get
what I'm saying there are a ton of
high-end Android devices that have come
out so most of my challenges over the
past six months to a year have been
android-based challenges granted
androids very different depending on
whether you're using TouchWiz or sense
or stock Android but even within that
it's still Google's product underneath
everything when it's said and done this
time around I'm taking a different page
from the 30 day challenge playbook it's
time for another Windows Phone challenge
and to that end I'm putting my sim card
in the Nokia Lumia 920 and putting it to
the test for 30 days now the last
challenge I did with Windows Phone was
the Nokia Lumia 900 the 920 right now is
arguably the flagship device at least on
GSM networks they've got a plethora of
high-end devices the 925 coming soon to
t-mobile the 920 currently on AT&T and
the 928 on verizon wireless so for the
first time nokia has a presence on three
of the four national carriers Windows
Phone 8 is definitely making it HTC and
Samsung even though they've kind of
scaled back as of late they've got
windows phone 8 devices out there on the
market and Windows Phone 8 has changed
since I've worked with Windows Phone 7
on the Lumia 900 there's some new
features I'm going to put this to the
test and see what I love what I hate
about this coming from Android is my
primary driver and before that coming
from iOS and even before that coming
from blackberry we're going to see some
of the benefits of this is the fluidity
great on this device and the
multitasking is it there is it good to
have such a basic operating system with
a great user interface what's LTE like
how's the camera we're going to put it
all to the test in the 30 day challenge
in the meantime I need you though go to
phoneDog underscore Aaron on Twitter hit
me up and let me know what you want to
see in this 30 day challenge maybe it's
the camera maybe it's the build quality
you know me won't know if you know how
much I love red phone so I'm super
excited that my lumia 9
20 unit is read during this 30 day
challenge I can carry around a red phone
even though this one's kind of glossy
and the 920 in my opinion is pretty
bulky I'm excited to carry it around and
put it through its paces phoneDog
underscore Aaron on Twitter face book
facebook.com slash hi Aaron Baker it on
Google+ as well at g + t 0 / phoneDog
really excited to put Windows Phone 8
through its paces you know the things i
love the things i hate about it i've
talked about them and reviews in dog
fights but i'm really put it more
through its paces and see in day-to-day
i get two to three hundred emails i want
to put it through its paces and see how
it performs on an email stance how it
performs Verma camera standpoint how it
performs from a battery life standpoint
and more so you're going to want to stay
tuned because this is going to be an
exciting challenge in the Windows Phone
Department and in the smartphone
department as a whole hit me up on
Twitter or Facebook with questions and I
am off to start my 30 days with this
windows phone 8 device I'll hitch up in
the next update video see you next time